Feature/pre commit hooks black isort (#264)
oamg/convert2rhel: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Developing locally

> The commands below creates a python3 virtual environment,
> with all the necessary dependencies installed,
> builds needed images,
> creates dotenv file, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The commands below create a python3 virtual environment with all the necessary dependencies installed,
build needed images,
create .env file, and
```

Author: applied
